so if it's a show we saw this show we
started to make the show we brought on
Michael Reaves freight car Jamie Thomas
and started casting in pre-production
and then production and that now came
time to reveal the show to the world
back to work many shows even in the
ballpark at the time an example was an
animated series and so we have this big
press event the universal charity and we
put together a few minutes Bartz of
music from the movies glory and the
power of one
and we had a huge video projector to use
but the screen was immense dispute but
bigger and what was really good were two
speakers which were you know four
come on really big speakers last war
echo through the conference I mean the
room at the Sheraton it wasn't created
by a clause created pipe drop silence
all these reporters gathered China what
they've expected you know some show
Disney you know I worked out a lot shows
its Disney I'm proud of everyone over it
you know when you've been working on
bonkers and my Boston and after go
firewalking plays Broadway stage
what reporter tentatively raises her
hand and says this is for kids yes you
know we think it appeals to wide
audience what we are targeting voice
above above all the things we were
supposed to say and then someone else
raises her hand and says where his hands
and says well would you let your kids
watch it
and this was an awkward question for me
because my wife was pregnant but it was
sort of you know I didn't actually have
the kids yet and Jonathan's wife was
also pregnant so Garriott advocates of
course it's kids are white and Gary's
kids were in their late teens so that
left all of Bill fogger bodies all on
his course he was the only one with
young kids and so the question just sort
of went down the road and wound up and
what was great is that you can tell that
90% of the reporters had kids
maybe we knew what he meant by that and
left
laughing broke the ice and suddenly they
had this dream that maybe they wouldn't
be forced to watch
my daughter was born subsequently my son
and despite the fact that I worked on
the show I still had to wind up watching
Varna takes over I guess but
nevertheless from that moment a lot
literally we always had the press on our
side we always gotten great reviews
Chickenwing TV Guide that one quote that
I just read he got where Stackhouse was
very symptomatic of the kind of positive
reinforcement we got the brass which was
very gratifying